Expand documentation (#75)
temporalio/reference-app-orders-go: docs/run-basic.md

# Running the OMS Locally

Follow these instructions to run the OMS locally, using the 

> Temporal Service provided that the `temporal` command. This 

Reviewer: typo

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-go/commit/f57c5416ebdc442a80d34830ce52b27e4f19714b

is an expanded version of the instructions found in the 
_Quickstart_ section of the top-level README file.

### Start the Temporal Service

> Run the following command in your terminal to start the Temporal 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command in your terminal (from the root directory of your repo clone) to start the Temporal 
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-go/commit/cbec91754ee86b51c3eb9c3cb1839e68893649ca

Service:

```command
temporal server start-dev \
    --ui-port 8080 \
    --db-filename temporal-persistence.db
```

The `temporal` CLI provides a convenient way of running a 
Temporal Service locally for development purposes. By default,
it provides a Web UI on port 8233 and persists data to an 
ephemeral in-memory database. The options in this command 
change the Web UI port to 8080 and instructs the Temporal 
Service to persist its data to a file so that it will be 
available in subsequent sessions. This file will be created 
if it does not exist.

> 

Reviewer: maybe suggested connecting to the UI to verify that the above worked?

Author: Added in https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-go/commit/51c71fbf684052684a8834a5697de662e7d67212

### Start the Worker

Run the following command in another terminal to start the Workers:

```command
go run ./cmd/oms worker
```

> The Workers run the Workflow and Activity code used to implement the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Workers started by this command run the Workflow and Activity code used to implement the
```

Author: Revised in https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-go/commit/f43ce9de2e95f69178353316c50ca546049af41d

> OMS. Although one Worker is sufficient for local development, Temporal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OMS. Although one Worker process is sufficient for local development, you will want to run 
```

Author: Suggestion incorporated via https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-go/commit/25260cfa67b10a71acf5e7adc089bea0a592e036.

> recommends running multiple Workers in production since this can improve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 multiple Workers in production since this will improve
```

Author: I chose "can" instead of "will" here because it allows for the (at least theoretical) case where adding Workers does not improve scalability. I could imagine a situation in which poor network infrastructure or insufficient I/O for the Temporal database becomes a bottleneck. At that point, adding more Workers would not likely improve scalability.

both the scalability and availability of an application. You can repeat

> this step to launch as many additional Workers as you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this step to launch as many additional Workers as you like.  Temporal's SDK will automatically distribute processing load between all the running workers.
```

Author: Addressed via [1489713](https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-go/commit/14897138001add577ea4d12f38a801cc2c5e4f30), but changed "between" to "among" since there would likely be more than two Workers.

### Start the API Servers

Run the following command in another terminal to start the API Servers:

```command
go run ./cmd/oms api
```

The API Servers provide REST APIs that the web application uses to 
interact with the OMS. 

### Run the Web Application
You will need to clone the code for the web application, which is 
maintained in the [reference-app-orders-web](https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-web) 
repository:

```command
cd ..
git clone https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-web.git

> ```

Reviewer: see earlier comment in Gdoc

You will then need to run the following commands to start it:

```command
cd reference-app-orders-web
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

<!--
	TODO: expand this section to cover more advanced cases
	      and then move it to a separate document (with a 
		  demo video) that can be referenced by the other
		  instructions for running it.
-->

You will then be able to access the OMS web application at 
<http://localhost:5173/> and the Temporal Web UI at 

> <http://localhost:8080/>. In the OMS web application, select 

Reviewer: provide link above too?

Author: @paulnpdev Could you please clarify your request here? I do provide links both the OMS web application and the Temporal Web UI in the section you quoted, so it's not clear what other link you'd like to see here.

Reviewer: your instructions were to start the UI at an earlier step in the instructions.  It would be nice to give the reader a link at that point to test whether the newly-started UI was up and running (<http://localhost:8080/>)
